Water$Balance Body Fluids$Drinking Water Helps Maintain the Balance of Body Fluids. Your body is composed of about 60% water. The functions of these bodily fluids include digestion, absorption, circulation, creation of saliva, transportation of nutrients, and maintenance of body temperature.
Water$Control Calories$Water Can Help Control Calories. For years, dieters have been drinking lots of water as a weight loss strategy. While water doesn't have any magical effect on weight loss, substituting it for higher calorie beverages can certainly help.
Water$Reduce Joint Pains$For a majority of sufferers, drinking water can significantly reduce joint and/or back pain.
Water$Flush out toxins$Water leads to overall greater health by flushing out wastes and bacteria that can cause disease.
Meditate$Stress Buster$Meditation reduces stress better than anything else I know of. Not only does the practice of meditation give you some “down time” to rest physically and mentally, it also has a very direct effect on your entire nervous system by reducing your body’s production of stress related chemicals like cortisol, and increasing the production of mood enhancing chemicals like serotonin.
Meditate$Improved Immunity$Meditation will improve your health by strengthening your immune system, reducing your blood pressure and lowering cholesterol levels.
Meditate$Better Quality Sleep$Sleep is a totally natural human function, and it’s something we need every day. But if you have a busy mind or if you are stressed then you may find that your sleep is not as restorative as it should be. Meditation dramatically improves the quality of your sleep and it is one of the most powerful natural treatments for insomnia.
Meditate$Slow aging$Studies into the effects of meditation have shown that the regular practice of meditation can slow the aging process. The biological age of long term meditators is generally less than those of people who have never meditated.
Meditate$Positive Attitude$People who meditate are less stressed, healthier, they sleep better, and they have a more positive outlook on life. Simply put, meditation makes you a happier person! 
Meditate$Emotional Stability$Meditation is a very powerful natural prescription for people who suffer from anxiety and/or depression, and it is also taught to people who have difficulty controlling their anger
